Course Schedule
Click here to access the Spring Semester 2024 Course Schedule

The online registration guide is here to help you register. It contains information on all topics relevant to your registration from searching for courses to paying your fees.

Online (off campus) Courses
Section numbers will include "W". Example: W03, AW2, BW1. Type and location will be "www". Online classes will be scheduled in one of three ways:

Scheduled days and times to meet through an online platform such as Brightspace.
No scheduled time to meet, class lectures, and assignments are delivered through an online platform such as Brightspace.
Mix of scheduled and non-scheduled instruction. These sections will indicate both a meeting day and time for the scheduled portion, and "www" to indicate the non-scheduled portion of the course.
Mixed Mode Courses
We will have some online and some on-campus delivery. These sections will begin with "M". The in-person portion of the course will have scheduled days, times, and room numbers, and the type will be either "Lab" or "Lecture". The online portion will indicate "www" as the location. The online portion may or may not have scheduled meeting times.

Note: On-campus courses require that you be living in the Metro Vancouver area.

Fully On-Campus Courses
Will have section numbers beginning with "0" (zero), "A" or "B". For example, 001, 016, A03. They will have scheduled days, times, and room numbers when classes are held.

Note: On-campus courses require that you be living in the Metro Vancouver area.

Click here to learn more about searching for courses.

Registration System available from 0100–2100 hours Monday to Sunday, exceptions stated here.

Please note, the College reserves the right to make changes to the course schedule without prior notice. On occasion, it is necessary to cancel a course or make last minute changes.

Registration Helpline
The Registration Helpline can assist you with adding and dropping classes, visiting Langara's login page, and any other Registration-specific queries. If you cannot find the answer to your question in the registration guide, you may call the Registration Helpline:

Dates Open: Tuesday, November 7 to Wednesday, January 10, 2024
Hours Open: Monday–Friday 9:00 am to 4:30 pm
Registration Helpline: 604.323.5595
If you need help registering for Continuing Studies courses, please call 604.323.5322.

Key Steps for Registration
Log into web registration. Only log into one device and one browser at a time.
Visit Langara's login page
Click on Student Information System
Enter Langara ID
Enter PIN
Click on Submit
Activate Your Registration
Click here to learn more about activation.

Click on Registration
Click on Activate your Registration Time
Note your earliest Registration Date and Time
*International Students must have paid their International Student Deposit at least 24 hours prior to activating their registration time.
Register for Courses
Click here to learn more about registration.

Click on Register (Add/Drop) Course
Add: "Add Course Worksheet" area, enter the CRN Number(s) of the course(s) you want
Drop: "Your Registration Log" area, select Drop Course in the drop-down list to drop the course
Waitlist: if the course is full, you may select Waitlist in the drop-down list
Click on Submit Transaction and repeat as desired
Click on Logout. Logging out prevents registration and security issues.
Visit Important Registration Dates and Registration Access Schedule for more information.

Check Waitlist Status

Click on Registration
Click on Currently Waitlisted Courses
If you have received an offer and are eligible to register for the course section, you have up until the waitlist notification deadline to register for the course
Note: Check for offers daily. Click here to learn more about waitlisting for courses.

Pay Your Fees Online
For information about tuition and student fees, please review Fees Information. Domestic students can visit the Domestic Student Fees page for information on how to pay your fees. International students can visit the International Student Fees page for information on how to pay your fees.


Important: Check your account the day after to verify all your desired transactions have been successfully completed.
Note: If you do not have access to a personal computer to register, you may access the following computer labs on campus and other internet locations:

Langara Library L109
Other College labs as schedules permit
Local public libraries or internet cafes
